>> Jason Lengstorf: Next, we're going to
check whether or not the folder exists.
So I'm going to include another
system library, fs, and
we will just grab that out.
So both path and fs are built in the node.
We don't have to install those.
So then I can say if, and
we're gonna negate this if it's not true.
So if it doesn't exist and
we're gonna use sync so
we that we don't have to do chaining and
we'll say if the directory doesn't exist,
we need to create it.
But we have a problem here, which is that,
I did this again, it's exports not export.
Got my cases confused today.
If this doesn't exist,
we need to create it, but the problem with
the default make directory command is
that it will only do one level at a time.
And there is nothing stopping somebody
from saying that they want their content
directory to be source content docs, and
that would be three directories that would
need to be created which would
choke the standard mkdir command.
So we're gonna use a library to make this
simpler, and this is called mkdir p or
the way that I say it in my head is
mkdirp so we're going to yarn workspace
gatsby-theme-docs add mkdirp.
If I can spell it, mkdirp.
This will allow us to actually
create directories recursively.
So we're gonna import that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
if the directory doesn't exist,
we will create it.
So we will run sync.
Again, we're just trying to make sure that
these things happen before it moves on
to the next part of the API.
That's why we're using
the synchronous mode.
And these operations
should be pretty quick.
So in terms of performance
cost it's gonna be negligible.
That then, should work.
So let's go ahead and run our start.
And we'll see over here in the theme dev,
we do not have a docs folder.
So if we did this right,
what will happen is I'm gonna start
the theme dev site in develop mode, and
we will see that docs folder pop up.
Let's go ahead and do that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: We'll run yarn
workspace theme-dev develop, and
we should see docs pop up,
and there it is.
So now,
if we try to access that directory,
if we use the gatsby source filesystem
which we're gonna get to in a second, then
that will prevent us from getting an error
that the content path can't be found.
So that's a good point to commit.
Let's just check our progress here.
We have modified the package JSON
because we installed mkdirp,
wrote our onprebootstrapping,
we wrote that utility folder.
Let's just add all of that and
we'll get commit and say theme-dev,
add onprebootstrap stuff.